DevExp RN additions (#21241)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-4-release-notes.adoc

Use the link:https://access.redhat.com/labs/ocplimitscalculator/[{product-title}
Limit Calculator] to estimate cluster limits for your environment.

[id="ocp-4-4-developer-experience"]
=== Developer experience

[id="ocp-4-4-automatic-image-pruning"]
==== Automatic image pruning

Image pruning is now performed automatically. This is managed by the Registry

> Operator, which creates a CronJob to run periodic image pruning.

Reviewer: Late breaking issue - cluster admins will need to enable this feature in 4.4.

See https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1825284

[id="ocp-4-4-build-objects-report-conditions-in-status"]
==== Build objects report conditions in status

Build conditions have been added for each existing {product-title} build phase.
These conditions contain information about the build during its build lifecycle.

> You can also use commands like `oc wait` to view the timestamp of a build state
> transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use commands like `oc wait` to wait for a specific build phase to be reached.
```

[id="ocp-4-4-recreate-rollouts-for-image-registry"]
==== Recreate rollouts for image registry

You can now use the `Recreate` rollout strategy when deploying the image

> registry. This lets you use `ReadWriteOnce` persistent volumes to successfully
> upgrade an {product-title} cluster. This also allows the image registry to use
> block storage types like Elastic Block Store on Amazon Web Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registry. This lets you use `ReadWriteOnce` persistent volumes, such as Elastic Block Storage on AWS.
When using such storage types, the `Recreate` rollout strategy must be used to successfully upgrade an {product-title} cluster.
```

[id="ocp-4-4-developer-experience"]
=== Developer experience

[id="ocp-4-4-automatic-image-pruning"]
==== Automatic image pruning

> You can now enable automatic image pruning. This is not available by default;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now enable automatic image pruning. This is not turned on by default;
```

you will be notified of this option after installing or upgrading to

> {product-title} 4.4. This automation is managed by the Registry Operator, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} 4.4. This automation is managed by the Image Registry Operator, which
```

creates a CronJob to run periodic image pruning.

[id="ocp-4-4-build-objects-report-conditions-in-status"]
==== Build objects report conditions in status

Build conditions have been added for each existing {product-title} build phase.
These conditions contain information about the build during its build lifecycle.
You can also use commands like `oc wait` to wait for a specific build phase to
be reached.

[id="ocp-4-4-recreate-rollouts-for-image-registry"]
==== Recreate rollouts for image registry

You can now use the `Recreate` rollout strategy when deploying the image

> registry. This lets you use `ReadWriteOnce` persistent volumes, such as Elastic

Reviewer 2: s/such as Elastic Block Storage on AWS/such as AWS Elastic Block Store/
(This is how we reference it [elsewhere](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/storage/persistent_storage/persistent-storage-aws.html) in the docs.)
